OCPBUGS#32769: Adding dockercfg to list of types of secrets (#75082)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-secrets-about.adoc

Specify one of the following types to trigger minimal server-side validation to ensure the presence of specific key names in the secret data:

* `kubernetes.io/basic-auth`: Use with Basic authentication
* `kubernetes.io/dockercfg`: Use as an image pull secret

> * `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`: Uses a service account token

Reviewer: Would you like to add both `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` and `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`? This doc's other places mention `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson` examples. Upstream https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#secret-types has examples of both.

Author: We definitely could. @sanchezl Do you know what we could put as the description for the dockerconfigjson one? Would it still be used for an image pull secret, but just a different file (`~/.docker/config.json`), or what?

Reviewer 2: @bergerhoffer The description would be exactly the same. The format of the file/data would be slightly different in the actual secret.

Author: Thanks! I updated to add it with the same description. @xingxingxia @sanchezl if you can take another look and let me know if it's okay the way it is, or if the description needs adjusted to be different between the two.

Specify one of the following types to trigger minimal server-side validation to ensure the presence of specific key names in the secret data:

* `kubernetes.io/basic-auth`: Use with Basic authentication
* `kubernetes.io/dockercfg`: Use as an image pull secret
* `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`: Use as an image pull secret

> * `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`: Uses a service account token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`: Use to obtain a legacy service account API token
```
